[336] Add all identify resources (#74)
DFE-Digital/improve-school-workload-and-wellbeing: content/workload-reduction-toolkit/identify-workload-issues/act-on-your-staff-workload-survey.md

    <div class="info-box">
      <div class="info-box__corner">
        <img src="/assets/images/download-icon.svg" alt="Download icon">
      </div>
      <h2 class="govuk-heading-m">
        Download the presentation
      </h2>
      <div class="govuk-grid-row info-box__download-content">
        <div class="govuk-grid-column-one-half">
          <img src="/assets/images/preview-placeholder.jpg" alt="Placeholder image" class="dfe-file-preview-image">
        </div>
        <div class="govuk-grid-column-one-half">
          <p class="govuk-body-s">
            <strong>Presentation length:</strong> 40 minutes
          </p>
          <p class="govuk-body-s">
            <strong>Resource type:</strong> Presentation
          </p>
          <p class="govuk-body-s">
            <strong>File type:</strong> TBC
          </p>
          <p>
            <a class="govuk-link govuk-link--no-visited-state" href="<%= @base_url %>/assets/files/TBC">
              Download
            </a>
          </p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

## Audience

This resource has been provided to support senior leadership teams to work with
the whole school, teams or departments.

> ## Presentation length

Author: Content question - No other presentation resource repeats the presentation length in it's own paragraph - it's already stated in the box above too. Do we want to keep it?

Reviewer: I'm a bit confused so might be worth a Slack call, as I can see it on all the presentations uploaded so far?

https://improve-workload-and-wellbeing-for-school-staff.education.gov.uk/workload-reduction-toolkit/address-workload-issues/communications/review-and-streamline-communications/

https://improve-workload-and-wellbeing-for-school-staff.education.gov.uk/workload-reduction-toolkit/address-workload-issues/curriculum-planning-and-delivery/review-and-streamline-lesson-planning/

Author: apologies - my confusion! i must have searched within a subset of files or something by mistake!

40 minutes to discuss outcomes and next steps with staff.

You should also allocate time for the facilitator to prepare the session for use
in your school.

## How to run with your staff

You can use the staff workload survey to audit staff workload across your whole
school, within a particular department or team.

Collecting and analysing the results of your workload survey will create some
workload in the short term. Staff time should be allocated for this. If you have
a governor with a particular focus on workload or wellbeing, they may be able to
help analyse the results. You could also use a more informal approach during a
whole staff session.

> You could also consider how you stagger any changes, see [Plan your yearly calendar](/workload-reduction-toolkit/identify-workload-issues/plan-your-yearly-calendar/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You could also consider how you stagger any changes, by [planning your yearly calendar](/workload-reduction-toolkit/identify-workload-issues/plan-your-yearly-calendar/).
```
